In here are the input and output files from the first processing batch of PEMA runs on the ARMS-MBON sequences. Bioinformatics processing of the sequencing data from ARMS-MBON's first sampling campaign 2018-2019 (i.e., all ARMS units deployed in 2018 and 2019 and retrieved between 2018 and 2020) was performed in April 2022 and January 2024. 

The following folders are included here:
* [Parameter files](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/tree/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/parameter_files): the parameter files used as input for the PEMA runs. 
* [The taxonomic assignments](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/tree/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/taxonomic_assignments): as output by PEMA, containing ASV/OTU read count tables (corrected for ASVs/OTUs occuring in blank samples), ASV/OTU taxonomy assignments and files denoting which ASVs/OTUs got removed/modified because they occurred in blank samples, and a file indicating which samples did not yield any ASVs/OTUs.
* [The taxonomic assignments including data from PCR blanks and omitted samples](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/tree/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/taxonomic_assignments_with_blanks): as output by PEMA, containing ASV/OTU raw read count tables including the data of PCR blank samples and the samples which were eventually omitted because they did not produce any ASVs/OTUs.
* [Curated taxonomic assignments for 18S and COI](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/tree/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/updated_taxonomic_assignments): the PEMA taxonomic classification outputs for 18S and COI have been curated: for the first so that we could make a more correct assignment of taxonomic names to those from WoRMS (World Register of Marine Species), for the second to correct a bug in the version of PEMA used.  
* [The fasta files](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/tree/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/fasta): as output by PEMA, containing the sequences of each run.

PEMA was run on sequences grouped by marker gene and by MiSeq sequencing run, and each group has its own parameter files, taxonomic assignment files, and fasta files. An overview of the processing - including the material sample IDs, ENA accession numbers, dates and observatories etc - from which one can identify which samples were processed in which group, can be found in 
[pema_overview_batch1.xlsx](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/blob/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/pema_overview_batch1.xlsx). This file is the final version, where corrections regarding observatory, unit, materialSample, and parameter file names were made. The original overview file is provided for provenance reasons: [pema_overview_batch1_old.xlsx](https://github.com/arms-mbon/data_workspace/blob/main/analysis_data/from_pema/processing_batch1/pema_overview_batch1_old.xlsx).
